Updates to deployment steps (#414)
mspnp/aks-baseline: docs/deploy/05-bootstrap-prep.md

Whichever tooling choice you make, you'll need your bootstrapping artifacts ready to go before you start your cluster deployment so that you can minimize the time between cluster deployment and bootstrapping. Using the Flux AKS extension allows your cluster to start already bootstrapped and sets you up with a solid management foundation to build upon.

### Additional resources

In addition to Azure Container Registry being deployed to support bootstrapping, this is where any other resources that are considered not tied to the lifecycle of an individual cluster is deployed. Another example could be an AKS Backup Vault, and a backup artifacts storage account, which likely would exist prior to and after any individual AKS cluster's existence.

> When designing your pipelines, be sure to isolate components by their lifecycle. Watch for singletons in an architecture. Singletons are typically resources like regional logging sinks, global routing infrastructure, and so on. This is in contrast with potentially transient/replaceable components, like the AKS cluster itself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When designing your pipelines, be sure to isolate components by their lifecycle. Identify singletons in an architecture. Singletons are typically resources like regional logging sinks, global routing infrastructure, and so on. This is in contrast with potentially transient/replaceable components, like the AKS cluster itself.
```
